Have I seen him before?
He's been gone for a long time?
Yes. Six years, it took him to establish the French headquarters.
Now he's on top of the Forbes list.
It's impressive.
Oh, you shouldn't be impressed. You should be working.
Tell me about the North downtown real estate project.
Um, it's... it's, um...
Do you not answer a simple question?
Why are you even here?
Does anybody know?
The project is in its second round of funding.
They emailed over the contract this morning.
See that? That's competence.
How did you even get here? Who hired you?
I was referred by your mother, Mrs. Windsor.
Let's no excuse for your raging incompetence.
Terry, throw back into training and reassign her project to Lillian.
I want them in the best hands.
Yes, sir.
The boss really lives up to his name.
He was gone for six years, but he still knows this company inside out.
No, no, no, please.
I'll do better. I swear.
The CEO doesn't like when his employees cry.
Need to go.
Now!
You are my personal assistant now.
Why me?
You get things done.
And according to her files, you're a mom.
That means I won't flirt with you.
Exactly. What's your name?
Lillian.
That name rings a bell.